How to turn off error mitigation and suppression (#1459)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/configure-error-mitigation.mdx

psi1_H1 = job.result()
```

<span id="no-error-mitigation"></span>
## Turn off all error mitigation and error suppression

You can turn off all error mitigation and suppression if you are, for example, doing research on your own mitigation techniques. To accomplish this, for EstimatorV2, set `resilience_level = 0` and `optimization_level = 0`. For SamplerV2, no changes are necessary because no error mitigation or suppression options are enabled by default.

Example:

Turn off all error mitigation and suppression in EstimatorV2.

```python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import EstimatorV2 as Estimator, Options

> options = estimator.options

Reviewer: How complete does the code snippet need to be? This block, for example, doesn't initialize `estimator`.

Author: I suppose if we're showing the import, we should show the initialization.

psi1_H1 = job.result()
```

> <span id="no-error-mit"></span>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span id="no-error-mitigation"></span>
```

## Turn off all error mitigation and error suppression

> Many researchers want total control over their experiments and don't want the primitives to transform their circuits. To accomplish this, for EstimatorV2, set `resilience_level = 0` and `optimization_level = 0`. For SamplerV2, only measurement twirling is enabled by default. So one needs to set `options.twirling.enable_measure = False`.

Reviewer: A couple of suggestions:

1. Our built in error mitigation sounds less useful if many researchers don't want them 😛 
2. Simplify the wording to make it easier for the future if/when we enable more by default

```suggestion
You can turn off all error mitigation and suppression if you are, for example, doing research on your own mitigation techniques. To accomplish this, for EstimatorV2, set `resilience_level = 0` and `optimization_level = 0`. For SamplerV2, turn off measurement twirling.
```
